fix(database): Fix bug that causes failure in role when using unix socket (#36)
stuvusIT/wordpress: README.md

| ------------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `mysql_host`        | `localhost:/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock` |
| `mysql_user`        | `{{instance.name}}`                     | The MySQL user to use for this instance                                                                   |
| `mysql_create_user` | `True`                                  | Whether to create the MySQL user if it doesn't exist                                                      |
| `mysql_db`          | `{{instance.name}}`                     | The database to create and use for this instance                                                          |
| `mysql_create_db`   | `True`                                  | Whether to create the database if it doesn't exist                                                        |
| `mysql_password`    | :heavy_check_mark:                      | The password for the MySQL user                                                                           |

> | `mysql_use_socket`  | `True`                                  | Whether to use a unix socket for connecting to the database. If `True` uses `mariadb_socket` for the path |

Author: ```suggestion
| `mysql_socket`  | `''`                                  | Path to the unix socket for connecting to the database. Leave empty if tcp connection should be used. |
```
